♪ spooky music ♪
WHAT'S THAT?
WHO'S THERE?
PSSSH PSSSH PSSSH PSSSH
(door creaks)
(whispers)
IS HE STILL UP THERE?
SSHHH.
HE HASN'T GOT HER!..
RIGHT, LET'S GET THE
KEY FROM PATRICIA.
PATRICIA, GIVE ME THE KEY.
I HAVEN'T GOT IT.
LIAR..
SERIOUSLY! I HAVEN'T!
WHERE IS IT THEN?
I.....
THREW IT OUT THE WINDOW..
YOU DID WHAT?
WHICH WINDOW?
THIS ONE?.
YEAH. I.... THINK
IT WENT IN THE BUSHES.
WE WON'T BE ABLE TO LOOK
FOR IT TILL MORNING.
WHAT A MESS.
I THINK WE SHOULD GO AND
TELL VICTOR EVERYTHING.
NO, WE CAN'T DO THAT.
WELL WE CAN'T JUST LEAVE
NINA IN THERE. COME ON.
[whispers]
NINA?
ARRGHH!
HI!
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU GUYS LOOK LIKE
YOU'VE SEEN A GHOST.
HOW DID YOU?
(they laugh)
SSSH! YOU'LL HAVE
VICTOR UP AGAIN.
ARE YOU OK?
YEAH.
SO WHAT WAS IT LIKE UP THERE?
SEE ANY GHOSTS?
NO. JUST MICE. AND SOME
SPIDERS. POSSIBLY A RAT.
UGGGH! YOU ARE SO BRAVE!
NIGHT YOU TWO. SEE
YOU IN THE MORNING.
NIGHT.
YOU DID GOOD.
THANKS.
DON'T TELL PATRICIA, BUT MY
HANDS WERE SHAKING SO HARD
IT TOOK ME THREE TRIES TO
GET THE CLIP IN THE LOCK.
HEY, YOUR SECRET'S
SAFE WITH ME.
(claps of applause)
WE WERE CERTAIN VICTOR
WAS GOING TO GET YOU.
YEAH, EITHER VICTOR OR THE
FLESH EATING ZOMBIES.
NO ZOMBIES. MOSTLY RAT BONES.
COOL.
WAS IT REALLY SCARY UP THERE?
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE WORSE.
IT WAS ACTUALLY KIND OF COOL.
I MIGHT MOVE UP THERE.
DON'T YOU THINK
SHE WAS BRAVE?
EVEN YOU HAVE TO
ADMIT PATRICIA
NINA PASSED HER INITIATION TEST
WITH FLYING COLORS.
NO. SHE DIDN'T BRING
ANYTHING BACK DID SHE?
WELL ACTUALLY ....
YES
[laughs]
PATRICIA. WAIT!
HEY! NINA.
I JUST WANTED TO ASK IF
YOU DID'NT MIND IF I.....
DO YOU FANCY WALKING
OVER WITH ME?
YEAH. OK. SURE.
I WOULD "FANCY" THAT.
SORRY.
THIS ALL JUST TAKES
SOME GETTING USED TO
BUT THIS IS WEIRD
EVEN FOR ENGLAND.
NO, NO WAIT, I'M JUST
LOOKING FOR SOMETHING.
THAT MUCH I GOT.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
HANG ON, HANG ON.
I'M HANGING.
YES.
I GOT IT!
UNLESS YOU WANTED THAT THERE.
I THINK THIS NEEDS TO FIND
ITS WAY BACK INTO VICTOR'S
KEY BOX BEFORE IT'S MISSED.
NO ACTUALLY BECAUSE I'M
GOING TO NEED THIS WHEN I
GO BACK INTO THE ATTIC.
YOU'RE GOING BACK
UP INTO THE ATTIC?
IT DIDN'T SOUND SO CRAZY
UNTIL I SAID IT OUT LOUD.
WHY WOULD YOU RISK
GETTING CAUGHT AGAIN?
EVEN THOUGH I WAS TERRIFIED
WHEN I WAS UP THERE,
IT WAS THE FIRST TIME SINCE
IíVE BEEN HERE THAT I
WASN'T THINKING ABOUT GRAN
OR TRYING TO GET
PATRICIA TO LIKE ME.
AND I JUST... I REALLY
NEED TO KNOW...
NEED TO KNOW WHAT?
IF I SAW SOMEONE UP THERE.
YOU SAW SOMEONE?
OK, I KNOW IT SOUNDS CRAZY,
OK. WHAT IF THERE
REALLY IS SOMETHING WEIRD
ABOUT JOY'S DISSAPEARANCE?
WHAT IF JOY
IS STILL HERE?
YEAH, YOU'RE
PROBABLY RIGHT.
CRAZY!
[laughing]
OK, I'VE BEEN THINKING  .
YOU SHOULD DO
SOMETHING FOR AMBER.
YOU KNOW,
SOMETHING 'ROMANTIC'.
SHE'S MADE THE FIRST
MOVE, WITH THAT KISS,
NOW YOU NEED TO FOLLOW IT UP
WITH A FEW MOVES OF YOUR OWN.
YOU'RE RIGHT!
LIKE WHAT?
OH, THE MAESTRO HAS A FEW
TRICKS UP HIS SLEEVEÖ.
WHO'S THE MAESTRO?
ME! I'M THE MAESTRO.
OH, OK,
BUT YOU GOTTA LET ME KNOW
WHEN YOU CHANGE NICKNAMES.
I MEAN, LAST WEEK YOU WERE
"CAPTAIN SPAGHETTI".
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY
YOU'RE SO UPSET THAT
NINA PASSED YOUR TEST.
IT'S NOT ABOUT THAT.
NOBODY SEEMS TO
BE TAKING THIS JOY THING
SERIOUSLY EXCEPT ME.
SHE WOULD HAVE CALLED
ME BY NOW MARA!
YOU KNOW SHE WOULD.
IT IS STRANGE; I'LL
GIVE YOU THAT.
STRANGE? IT'S MORE
THAN STRANGE.
BUT NO-ONE CARES.
EVERYONE'S MORE
INTERESTED IN BUDDYING
UP WITH THE NEW GIRL
AS IF JOY NEVER
EVEN EXISTED.
I WONDER.....
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU CAN'T JUST BREAK
INTO HER LOCKER.
WATCH ME
VANDALISM WILL NOT BE TOLERATED
IN THIS SCHOOL PATRICIA.
YOU WILL PAY FOR THAT
TO BE REPAIRED AND YOU
ARE ALSO GROUNDED.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH
JOY? WHERE IS SHE?
PULL YOURSELF
TOGETHER YOUNG LADY.
WHY WON'T YOU GIVE ME HER
HOME NUMBER AT LEAST?
PATRICIA.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
HEY MICK.
HE'S STILL PRETENDING
TO BE JEALOUS.
HE'LL MAKE A BIG
GESTURE SOON TO
WIN ME BACK,
I KNOW HE WILL.
( quetly)
SO THIS PANEL JUST OPENED
WHEN YOU FELL AGAINST IT?
SORT OF.
SORT OF? WHAT KIND OF
AN ANSWER IS THAT?
WELL, THERE ARE
SOME OTHER THINGS.
YOU'RE A REAL GIRL OF
MYSTERY AREN'T YOU?
LOOK, IF YOU'RE GOING UP THERE
AGAIN, THEN I'M COMING WITH YOU.
AND THAT'S ALL THERE IS TO IT.
WOW. THAT WAS FORCEFUL.
IT WAS, WASN'T IT?
YOU CAN TRUST ME
NINA. I PROMISE.
OK, BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING
DRASTIC TO PROVE YOUR LOYALTY,
I'LL TELL YOU..
IT'S JUST HER FRUSTRATION
COMING OUT SHE'LL CALM DOWN
EVENTUALLY. DON'T WORRY.
BUT ALL THIS COULD HAVE
BEEN AVOIDED. THERE WAS
NO NEED FOR SUCH HASTE.
THE BETRAYER
IS LONG DEAD.
VICTOR FELT CAUTION WAS OUR
BEST OPTION. AND FOR ONCE, IíM
INCLINED TO AGREE WITH HIM.
I'M TELLING YOU PATRICIA
WILL NOT LET THIS GO.
SHE'S DETERMINED TO FIND OUT
WHAT'S HAPPENED TO JOY.
AND WE MUST BE EQUALLY
DETERMINED TO MAKE SURE
SHE NEVER DOES ERIC.
THERE'S TOO MUCH AT STAKE.
MARA, YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE ME.
SOMETHING BAD HAS HAPPENED
TO JOY AND THE TEACHERS ARE
INVOLVED IN IT.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
UH-OH.
I NEED JOY'S HOME
TELEPHONE NUMBER.
I HAVE TO SPEAK TO HER PARENTS.
I MEAN WHAT IF THEY DON'T
KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS?
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?
ACT AS A LOOK OUT WHILE I GO
INTO MR SWEET'S OFFICE AND
STEAL HER FILE.
WHAT?!
"IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM TONIGHT?
11 P.M.? KISS KISS KISS A".
THE LAUNDRY ROOM?
NOW THAT IS CLASSY.
THAT'S DUMB, RIGHT?
NO, NO NO NO. IT'S NOT DUMB AT
ALL. IT'S VERY INTIMATE.
YEAH? LETS GO.
(to himself)
OH DEAR
YOU SEE, MY PLAN TOTALLY
WORKED AFTER ALL.
MICK WANTS TO MEET ME IN
THE LAUNDRY ROOM TONIGHT.
I OBVIOUSLY MADE HIM
WILD WITH JEALOUSY.
AND NOW HE WANTS TO APOLOGISE
FOR HIS BAD BEHAVIOUR WITH
MARA AND KISS AND MAKE UP.
I'M SURE THAT'S TRUE. IF
HE'S THE ONE WHO SENT THE
MESSAGE.
OF COURSE HE IS!
NINA, SOMETIMES I THINK
YOU MISS SO MUCH BECAUSE
YOU'RE AN AMERICAN.
IT'S TEN O'CLOCK. YOU HAVE
FIVE MINUTES PRECISELY
AND THEN I WANT TO
HEAR A PIN DROP.
(sound of pin hitting floor)
JEROME, ARE YOU SURE THIS IS
A GOOD IDEA?
OF COURSE I AM. LOOK AT YOU. YOU
ARE A SINGLE, SUCCESSFUL GUY...
IN A VERY SHINY SUIT.
WHAT GIRL COULD RESIST ALFIE?
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT. I'M A
CATCH.
YOU ARE A CATCH
SEE YOU MATE!
YEAH, SEE YOU....GOOD LUCK.
YOU POOR SWEET STUPID FOOL
HA HA.
(knock knock)
(whispering)
HEY
ARE YOU READY?
YEAH.
OH, ARE YOU TWO ON A DATE AS
WELL?
NO. NOT REALLY, NO NOT AT
ALL. NEVER.
WHATEVER.
CATCH YOU LATER.
SEE YA
BYE
(whispering)
LET'S GO.
YOU READY?
AS READY AS I'LL EVER BE. DO
YOU NEED THE TORCH?
I DON'T THINK SETTING FIRE
TO THE PLACE WILL HELP US
RIGHT NOW.
(Fabian screams)
AMBER.
ALFIE!
YOU LOOK NICE.
YOU LOOK WEIRD. DO YOU
USUALLY DO YOUR LAUNDRY
DRESSED LIKE THAT?
GOOD ONE.
SORRY,
YOU HAVE TO GO.
I'VE ONLY JUST HERE
I DON'T WANT MICK
TO FIND YOU.
MICK?
HE LEFT ME A MESSAGE ON MY
BED, WRITTEN IN SWEETS
AND IF HE SEES YOU
IT'LL RUIN EVERYTHING.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ANYWAY?
T-SHIRT.
VERY NICE. ALMOST AS TASTEFUL AS
THAT BOW-TIE YOU'RE WEARING.
NOW JUST GO, GO, GO!!!
IT'S A PORTRAIT. IT'S JUST A
PORTRAIT. LOOK.
THAT WAS SERIOUSLY SCARY!
THE EYES WERE GLOWING AND
LOOKING AT ME AND....URGH!
IT's OKAY,
I WON'T TELL ANYONE THAT A
PAINTING OF A LITTLE GIRL MADE
YOU SO SCARED YOU SCREAMED.
I DIDN'T SCREAM!
I KNOW HER.
ITíS THE SAME GIRL. I WONDER
WHO SHE IS?
WAIT.
WAIT, WHAT'S THAT?
IT LOOKS LIKE EGYPTIAN
HIEROGLYPHICS.
YOU KNOW, THE OLD LADY SAID
THERE WAS TREASURE HIDDEN IN
THIS HOUSE.
WHAT KIND OF TREASURE?
WELL, SHE HARDLY KNOWS HER NAME
SO SHE WASN'T THAT SPECIFIC.
BUT...MAYBE WE SHOULD
GO TALK TO HER?
AMBER? AMBER?!
MICK?
WELL THIS IS A FIRST, AMBER
MILLINGTON VOLUNTARILY STEPPING
FOOT IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM.
WHAT'S WRONG? WHAT
íS THE MATTER?
BOYS.
OH LOVE, COME HERE.
WELL I SUGGEST YOU
GO AND FRESHEN UP.
UNLESS YOU WANT TO GO
TO SCHOOL SMELLING LIKE
ALFIE'S OLD SOCKS.
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT AMBER WAS EXPECTING
MICK INSTEAD OF YOU.
DO YOU RECKON SOMEONE
MESSED WITH YOUR MESSAGE?
DUHH WHAT DO YOU THINK?
BUT WHO WOULD DO THAT?
MICK OBVIOUSLY.
HA HA YEAH! MICK, OF COURSE.
I SHOULD'VE THOUGHT OF THAT.
TRYING TO WHEEDLE HIS WAY
BACK IN WITH AMBER. LOOKS
LIKE HE SUCCEEDED.
NO, NO NO NO. AMBERíS STILL
GOT THE HOTS FOR YOU MAN.
WITHOUT A DOUBT.
DIDN'T LOOK THAT WAY WHEN
SHE WAS PUSHING ME OUT OF
THE ROOM.
OKAY LOOK.
TWENTY SAYS THAT I CAN GET
MICK TOTALLY OUT OF AMBER'S
LIFE BY THE END OF THE WEEK,
AND PAVE THE WAY FOR YOU TO
MOVE IN THERE. EASY....TWENTY.
NO. I NEED PAYMENT IN
ADVANCE, CASHFLOW PROBLEMS.
THANK YOU
OK, IF SWEETIE COMES ALONG,
JUST KEEP HIM TALKING.
I'M NOT SO GOOD AT THAT
TALKING TO PEOPLE THING.
OH, MR SWEET? HEY.
YES, MARA?
I WAS WONDERING IF I
COULD TALK TO YOU. ABOUT
SOME THINGS. ON MY MIND.
THINGS I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT AND WANTING TO TALK
ABOUT WITH YOU.
ALRIGHT, MARA. GO AHEAD.
JUST THINGS.
LIKE....ENDANGERED...ENDANGERED
HEDGEHOGS.
HEDGEHOGS?
YES, WHAT'S WRONG WITH
WELL NOTHING,
IT'S JUST BECAUSE THEY'RE
NOT SWEET AND FURRY.
HEDGEHOGS DEMAND OUR RESPECT
MR. SWEET AND OUR SYMPATHY.
HUNDREDS OF THEM GET KILLED
ON OUR ROADS EVERY YEAR AND
WE NEED TO DO SOMETHING
TEACH THEM ROAD SAFETY?
(chuckles )
I THOUGHT YOU LIKED ANIMALS.
ALRIGHT MARA. PERHAPS
YOU'RE RIGHT.
PERHAPS I'M NOT BEING ENTIRELY
FAIR TO THE HEDGEHOGS.
SO, PLEASE, TELL ME MORE.
NAH, YOU'RE RIGHT, IT'S
PRETTY BORING. SEE YOU
LATER MR. SWEET...
HI PATRICIA.
HI MARA.
BETTER HURRY,
WE'RE LATE FOR HISTORY.
VICTOR,
WHAT BEAUTIFUL ROSES!
IT'S FUNNY, I FOUND THIS ONE
IN THE LAUNDRY THIS MORNING.
WONDERED WHY IT DIDN'T
HUM AS MUCH TODAY...
NOW I WONDER HOW ON
EARTH THAT GOT THERE?
I HAVEN'T THE FAINTEST IDEA,
BUT IT'S WILTING.
WELL
IT WAS A LOVELY
GESTURE ANYWAY.
BRIGHTENED UP MY DAY
IT DID...
(school bell rings)
WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST WRITE
DOWN THE NUMBER?
ER I DIDN'T HAVE TIME DID
I WITH YOUR BRILLIANT
HEDGEHOG DISTRACTION?
KEEP A LOOK-OUT FOR TEACHERS.
YES!! IT'S GOT HER HOME
NUMBER.
GREAT. NOW LET'S GET BACK
AND I'LL GIVE HER A CALL.
(phone rings)
HELLO?
IT'S ME. WE HAVE A SITUATION
JOY'S FILE HAS BEEN
TAKEN FROM MY OFFICE.
I'LL DO WHAT NEEDS TO BE
DONE.
COATS, BAGS NOW.
WHAT FOR?
I NEED TO SEARCH THEM.
BUT WE HAVENíT GOT ANYTHING
IN THEM.
NO BUTS. GIVE THEM TO ME.
YOU CAN HAVE THEM BACK IN
HALF AN HOUR.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WE HAVE TO HAVE OUR BAGS
SEARCHED.
WHY?
PATRICIA?
NO.
SOMETHING TO HIDE PATRICIA?
WHAT'S GONE MISSING?
SOMETHING VERY VALUABLE INDEED,
AND WHOEVER HAS TAKEN IT IS
IN DEEP, DEEP TROUBLE.
NOW GIVE.